doc: indicate stream impl from node versions (#424)
nodejs/readable-stream: README.md

   https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/17979

## Version 2.x.x

> v2.x.x of `readable-stream` is a cut of the stream module from Node 8 (there has been no semver-major changes from Node 4 to 8). This version supports all Node.js version from 0.8, as well as evergreen browsers and IE 10 & 11.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
v2.x.x of `readable-stream` is a cut of the stream module from Node 8 (there have been no semver-major changes from Node 4 to 8). This version supports all Node.js versions from 0.8, as well as evergreen browsers and IE 10 & 11.
```
